## **nuggft** Protocol Disclaimer

nuggft is a decentralized peer-to-peer protocol that people can use to create liquidity and trade ERC-20 tokens. There are three versions of the nuggft protocol (v1, v2, and v3), each of which is made up of free, public, open-source or source-available software including a set of smart contracts that are deployed on the Ethereum Blockchain. Your use of the nuggft protocol involves various risks, including, but not limited to, losses while digital assets are being supplied to the nuggft protocol and losses due to the fluctuation of prices of tokens in a trading pair or liquidity pool. Before using the nuggft protocol, you should review the relevant documentation to make sure you understand how the nuggft protocol works. Additionally, just as you can access email email protocols such as SMTP through multiple email clients, you can access the nuggft protocol through dozens of web or mobile interfaces. You are responsible for doing your own diligence on those interfaces to understand the fees and risks they present.

AS DESCRIBED IN THE NUGG.XYZ PROTOCOL LICENSES, THE NUGG.XYZ PROTOCOL IS PROVIDED &quot;AS IS&quot;, AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. Although nugg.xyz LLC d/b/a/ &quot;nugg.xyz&quot; ( **&quot;nugg.xyz&quot;** ) developed much of the initial code for the nuggft protocol, it does not provide, own, or control the nuggft protocol, which is run by smart contracts deployed on the Ethereum blockchain. No developer or entity involved in creating the nuggft protocol will be liable for any claims or damages whatsoever associated with your use, inability to use, or your interaction with other users of, the nuggft protocol, including any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, or loss of profits, cryptocurrencies, tokens, or anything else of value.

</div>
